This file is meant to get a list of things that should be hopefully implemented or fixed
as soon as possible. 

1.  Repository update, TransactionProgress::update gets wrong information
    e.g. the number of file (always 1) and not its size so dowload progress
    bar is always wrong (need upstream interaction)
2.  Theme management icons are taken from mageia system. A default theme should
    be provided.
3.  Group management, upstream rpm seems not to manage groups any more at least in
    the way mageia does, we should allow a configuration key to enable/disable mageia
    behaviour and manage group in a standard way for other systems.
4.  Repositories/mirror management
5.  Keys management (needed?)
6.  Add a configuration file, and a user one to save settings eventually.
7.  String localization, all is ready but gettext is not used
8.  libyui, we need to ask for a patch review concerning YItem selection needed to manage
    package selection and released on github by anaselli.
9.  Handle solution errors. In the event that there's a dependency problem detected, we should
    offer the user a way to resolve it from within the UI so that it can be resolved.
10. Offer weak dependency options, handling both forward and reverse dependencies.
    With weak dependencies, we should offer a way for the user to select whether to install
    recommended/supplementary packages, add suggested/enhancing packages to the transaction, etc.
11. Handle multiple provider case. When something is provided by multiple packages, we need to be
    able to offer the user a choice and indicate a sane default based on the system package
    set and the transaction itself.
12. Handle complex dependencies. If there are conditional dependencies, we should offer ways to
    select from the set of options (in the case with Requires with "or") or offer ways to enable
    additional functionality (in the case where Requires only activate if something is installed).

If you want to help in any of this items, or new ones please contact us
